Aoxue is so dazzling today
I can be like him one day
A woman's sword wants to hurt me too
Stinky girl
Send you back to heaven
The flowers can't enter the whole mountain
Please rest assured to kill Jinbi Dad
As long as I use the third force first
He'll be gone soon
Change to weekdays
You don't even have the qualifications to die at my hands
But it must be killed today
You dare to be humiliated and court death
What? Is this really something that women can do?
How come?
Are you
Is it the fourth level of self-respect first?
My cultivation is much more than that
Do you know the three hundred swords of the sword heart in the sky?
The sword dance must also be sluggish